II a sports it's in the game
it's our pleasure to welcome you to the
new camp in Barcelona quite LZ with Andy
gray at your service this is a friendly
match but only in name I'm sure the
crowd are expecting 100% at least from
all of the players and looking at the
lineups coach teams are going all-out
for victory yeah and I think the thing
it will make them compete clave is what
you said the crowd they're up for it
they're ready to go
I'm looking to see what passes
what is it you say to do this a stir
technical
they keeper was definitely a fall for
the girl
well it was a griever tip to see that
but he only got the slightest of touch
it's a lead a slender lead the game is
still very much in the balance it's far
from settled
is confidence
play we've seen preneur in the first
half it's still all square at the break
well if it's so much position there
really should be a head but they haven't
made the most of it
I count by the keeper
this is better
robbing you
it's way into the hands of the keeper
level here and neither team quite able
to do enough to decide it one way or the
other well it's not the ideal ending it
never is so much fairer if it's settled
before now but penalty shootouts a great
fear so great drama heroes and villains
success and failure it's all here now
he's taking penalties before and scored
it's that just about the perfect penalty
your nerves
he scored
he was poor child
need to play hard
paksy the penalty
decorator's happy
today too neat tense moment
the gamble
scores
well he's obviously
if it turns up
it is a petty crime